up everyone and welcome to the W show we
got a great show for you guys this week
Asus
apologizes for their strange and
expensive repair quotes what was our
headline today I forget something like
uh the Apple un your news iPhones are
undeleting old photos even on devices
that have been wiped what what else we
got going on this week Microsoft
announces Proteus controller another
like uh controller that helps you have
inputs if you have difficulty with
standard controllers uh and also there's
a live service like MMO game that is
going offline into a single player/ Coop
game and is removing all of their
microtransactions well that I mean that
last part sounded good yeah
[Music]
Squarespace H shs and
uh uh uh-oh magical I take one bite of
food and you guys just you
know those are our sponsors you guys
that are sponsors trying to blame me for
not doing your job
iPhones have been undeleting old news
many users and this has been reported by
The Verge and Mac Rumors many users are
reporting old long deleted photos are
resurfacing on their iPhones as if they
were recent photos following Apple's
17.5 iOS update this includes devices
that were previously wiped resulting in
embarrassment for at least one user who
wiped their device before selling it to
to a friend only to have revealing
photos reappear on the device it is
unclear at this time whether this is an
indexing bug or a synchronization issue
with iCloud but many have reported
finding long long deleted photos
including sexual images meaning that
this is unlikely to be a problem with
recent photos being inappropriately
retained wow is there ever a lot to
unpack here and I would like to preface
this by saying look this is not unique
to
Apple this particular incident is
uniquely happening to Apple but this
whole issue where Cloud providers are
not actually fuing deleting something
when you press the delete button is a
widespread issue now in some cases this
is a feature more than a bug for example
I don't think we're doing a back Blaze
read this week but one of the things
that we mention whenever we talk about
one of our sponsors back Blaze is that
for a fee you can actually extend their
data retention when you delete something
and the idea is that it's a it's a
recycle bin which if you if you've ever
like sent an email and then been like oh
wait and then clicked the undo thing or
whatever because you you misspell the
word or did something wrong like that
having an undo can often be quite nice
and in the context of something like
back Blaze where the things that
especially B2B customers are backing up
to their service
could be Mission critical and that is
that is it that's their offsite backup
uh the ability to you know undo an
accidental control a delete um or even
in some cases a malicious deletion
totally of off-site backups could be
absolutely critical but in the case of
services where it is being communicated
to you that when you delete something
that it isent
gone man this is challenging now now
something that we don't know right
because this is saying old long deleted
photos right something that we don't
know is were these photos are these
photos on another I device somewhere are
they synchronizing to iCloud through
that and then is this simply a case of
the device ID somehow not not being UNL
correctly from that iCloud account like
there's there's a number of different
ways that this could transpire but the
bottom line is that this is a broad
issue where Cloud providers are a not
deleting things that you mark delete
necessarily and not managing that data
in a way that is
um adequate I guess is the word that I'm
looking for yeah so what I want to know
okay our discussion question here is is
this a temporary bug or is it indicative
of a deeper issue with information
storage that needs to be addressed I
mean absolutely the second one but what
I want to know is what is the liability
here and when are these companies going
to answer for these things yeah cuz like
I mean there's the there's the there's
the sexual images angle which is I think
like the main one that's coming up
especially in the article that we're
seeing but what about just the Privacy
there's privacy issues there's photos
that might be relatively traumatic to
people yeah they might not want coming
back they deleted for a freaking reason
and having that put like you know front
and center in front of them can be
pretty frustrating and annoying um and I
mean oh man like here's here's here's
what I want to know like apple is a
company that purports to take privacy
very very seriously how exactly is it
that this data wouldn't be stored in an
encrypted fashion and if it gets
synchronized to a device how would that
be
decrypted without account level
authentication I mean tell tell me you
know more about this kind of stuff than
I do it's not necessarily stored in an
encrypted fashion well why
not it's more difficult and if they feel
like they don't need to just like who
cares that's not a good response brother
I'm not saying that's the truth either I
have no idea I'm just saying it's not I
I don't I don't necessarily know that
they're stored in encrypted fashion um
like uh photos on iOS do they back up to
iCloud uh we might be able to figure
this out I mean if you pay for iCloud
sure so if you don't pay for iCloud then
it's who knows theoretically yeah your
only your five gigs are going to back up
and then that yeah that should be all
that's synchronized to iCloud like even
with the um that that huge celebrity
image leak that was all things that
people were storing in iCloud there was
no way to to get something that was
locally stored off of a device off of it
um it was it was all through I believe
that was mostly through uh
authentication theft and uh third
parties getting access to people's
iCloud
accounts I'm not 100% certain it says
your iCloud data is encrypted the
encryption keys are secured in Apple
data centers where we can help you with
data recovery um and only certain data
is end to end encrypted uh but I don't
think we're talking what an end to end
encrypt encryption scenario like this
isn't being grabbed part way so I mean
why why okay obviously there's a there's
a computational cost right
but yeah with how with how with how many
accelerators we have in modern
devices don't you feel like and to end
encryption I can understand not wanting
on everything that can get pretty
annoying but um the the encryption in
general which it says it has to be fair
on iCloud um that's not that bad and
they say that they have it so that makes
sense to me um how it would be
unencrypted like did they did they log
out of everything before they sold this
device to their friend to be clear uh
when he says unencrypted decrypted how
how it would be decrypted well I mean
theoretically when you wipe an iPhone
it's wiped so the only way did they do
that though they said they did and it
and I mean realistically I don't know
man um oh I mean no I this kind of
checks outc how could you okay so your
friend would have to log into their
iCloud account you can only be logged
into one iCloud account at a time on an
iPhone from my understanding so as soon
as your friend logged into their iCloud
account anything that was synchronized
with the old iCloud account should be
gone I would like to think so I mean I
don't know how any of this stuff works
so like commenting on it is is a little
bit difficulty uh handyman pointed out
something that I was kind of reading
into but wasn't sure about either where
on the the end of what I was reading
says Advanced Data protection for iCloud
is an optional setting that offers our
highest level of uh cloud data security
and handyman is saying that the key is
only stored uh on just the user side if
you have that Advanced Data protection
enabled so they have the keys for
everything on their
end I see if you're not running Advanced
Data security which I would assume like
less than 1% of people are running yeah
if it's not a default I don't think
users going to be touching it totally
and like Google has the same thing
almost no one runs it
um so they they absolutely have a way to
decrypt it on their end there's people
in the chat that are saying this has
nothing to do with iCloud uh sounds more
like data wasn't deleted off the device
storage but the thing is that the the
way that nand flash works like it's um
once you do a secure eras which from my
understanding is part of the device
wiping process for both Android and iOS
at this point once you do a secure erase
Nan Flash doesn't work the same way as
old mechanical storage did where you
could kind of reconstruct at least parts
of files by just looking at contiguous
ones and zeros along the the tracks in
the platter it's not like that once you
once you delete the index of what all of
those zeros and ones in all of these um
in all these Nan cells correspond to
there there's not really a meaningful
way to reconstruct that the only way
that you can recover data from from a
from a from a nan flash device is by
recovering the controller like you you
essentially have to restore that that
index that's stored on the controller
you you can't just get it from nand
chips so so from Apple um on the iPhone
go to settings General reset and select
erase all content and settings this is a
secure erase of everything but iOS so
it's sounds like you're right that's
what they're
doing people are talking about like uh
you should talk about how o os's Mark
things as deleted that's not generally
what he's talking about what you're
talking about is removing a pointer to a
file effectively so you you tell your
operating system to delete something and
instead of actually deleting it cuz it's
like whatever this is Flash it just
forgets where it is and then we'll
eventually write something over top of
it that's not secure erase though and it
won't even it won't even write something
over top of it until you've removed it
from your recycle bin potentially
depending on the operating system you're
on like for example um I I haven't been
using an iPhone lately so the last Apple
device that I used daily uh was The
Vision Pro and I wanted to delete um a
screen recording and I deleted it and it
warned me immediately it was like hey
this is going into your your 2B deleted
folder and you'll have to go in there
and you'll you'll have to delete it I
just I wanted to play around with the
file management on the Vision Pro
because was trying to I was trying to
transfer screen recordings off of it and
so I was just like I was doing all these
screen recordings and I was like oh my
God there's no way to there you can't
just plug a cable in and transfer data
are you kidding me okay so how do I get
rid of stuff on this thing and so I was
I was trying to figure out how to delete
a screen recording and um and so I I
ended up having to kind of navigate
through that all the little icky picky
details that were in my notes for the
Vision Pro didn't really end up in the
review because we were so late because
we got the device so late that uh it
ended up being more like okay what New
Perspective can we give on it everyone
kind of you know I didn't to talk about
their file explorer whatever right um
but as far as I could tell the way it
works is it goes into a recycle bin for
30 days and then it's automatically
purged from there so you wouldn't be at
risk of overwriting anything until it's
purged from there but it should be noted
that the iCloud account that I was using
or the yeah the the um iCloud account
that I was using did have extra data
storage purchase so it was also syn
online so then there was an additional
step in order to delete it off of there
as well was a whole thing yeah I is this
like person who sold their device thing
is is that a one-off I I don't even see
that in the well it looks like lots of
users are reporting the photo coming
back but is the sold device thing a
oneoff because I I
I I think these could potentially be
different scenarios they could be
um like like someone secure erasing
their device and selling it to someone
else and this happening is different
than someone just randomly having photos
come back this includes previously wiped
devices so as far as we can tell at
least one
user um had revealing photos reappear
but it might not be just one user who
ended up with photos that didn't belong
to them showing up on their device guys
if you've uh if you've read a bunch I
have spent the entire day today
building a computer for our CEO which by
the way is going to be awesome we took
suggestions from Reddit for what the
theme of the build should be we ended up
with all kinds of great suggestions the
one that we ultimately settled on was
all
Chrome and Luke seen it it's pretty
amazing
actually it's pretty cool you haven't
seen the chair yet
though oh is it like actually going to
be uncomfortable for him to work I mean
it doesn't sound like problem oh my
God why is the chief executive sitting
down should be decisive and a man of
action moving around talking to the
people anyway it's going to be great um
so yeah all I'm getting out of this is
that
uh none of none of the sea levels are
going to have chairs anymore so let's
not rule out user error I guess is what
we're what we're trying to say on some
of it I'm not I'm not saying the thing
as a whole but but
uh you run into scenarios like this
where like some some people that had
this genuinely happen speak up and then
a bunch of other people that just like
screwed up but don't know also speak up
and it it ends up getting kind of lost
in the Lost in the sauce a little bit
um there's enough reports here that it
sounds like this is actually probably
happening to a certain degree but I
don't think based on the information
that we have that we're going to be able
to figure out like the mechanism that's
failing y um a lot of people just seem
to generally be kind of struggling with
iCloud like SC in float plane chat says
I've had photos that I delete locally
stay on iCloud and not show specifically
that they still exist it could have
redownloaded that was one of the things
that bothered me when I was trying to
delete that thing from The Vision Pro as
well as I couldn't tell uh I I I
couldn't I couldn't tell this device
level or Cloud level how I was deleting
it and I could see apple taking that
approach for the sake of what we were
talking about earlier the ability to
restore data I bet you that's a lot of
this issue man resyncing with a photo
you know sometimes when you delete a
photo you're like I want this gone this
needs to be yod yeah um
yeah and I understand Apple's design
philosophy you know big simple buttons
you know but sometimes right click is
the answer a context menu is just
Superior um your philosophy be damned uh
so we'll see yeah I don't know well we
we'll see how this goes going to be
interesting why don't we jump into our
next topic here you want to pick another
headline
one uh sure how about the controller
want to talk about the controller yeah
this thing looks sick it's very cool
look at this thing Microsoft announces
the Proteus controller Microsoft has
announced the protus controller a
modular controller with swappable face
plates and customizable components for
gamers with various mobility issues the
cube like modules can be snapped
together in countless different
configurations it's buttons are
remappable and its analog sticks can be
swapped out for 3D printed sticks with
custom grips um and those several files
for these sticks are available on uh
biow waves website bio with a B yo so
I'm going to share this now so they're
showing right here we are open- sourcing
the mechanical connection mechanism for
the Proteus controller this will allow
you to 3D print different components
such as handles analog sticks mounts
whatever you can think of here are some
examples of download firal some of these
These are cool and these are sick so it
goes from like just fairly standard
concave top analog stick to ball grips
XL rest that's super cool so for chins
or elbows so you can control a joy stick
more easily and hopefully more
comfortably um ridge cap analog sticks a
thin grip analog stick which could be
very interesting because um if you
notice how it how it tends to flare you
might be able to attach something to
this um so you could move in like a
different plane but have it adjust a
joystick which is very cool um control
grip analog caps and square head analog
sticks and by open- sourcing the
mechanism they're making it so that not
only are they making these files able to
be downloaded and others able to be
downloaded later but you should be able
to design your own as well which is very
cool because as far as my understanding
goes that Community is kind of all about
customizing so being able to 3D print
and design your own is probably going to
be a pretty big deal super cool and with
the way that 3D printing materials are
changing like it's not like this has to
be made out of just standard
pla like you can you could make them
actually comfortable you know with like
multimaterial printing yeah so you can
have you know a nice stiff shaft and
then you can have like a like a softer
end cap and man this is it's one of
those things that Microsoft just I don't
I feel like doesn't get enough attention
for the fact that they do this kind of
thing I mean look they're a soulless
Corporation let's let's treat them as
what they are any any company with
shareholders at the end of the day is
going to look out for its bottom line
first we know that but can you grow up
really trying to hold it in
here D laugh in the background is not
helpful both of you get your
together oh man
um anyways anyway so the point is yeah
okay they're they're a corporation but I
feel like this is the kind of thing that
when they do we should be paying a lot
of attention to we should give be giving
them a lot of praise for absolutely
because realistically this makes no
commercial sense the development of
this it's it's not going to pay for
itself um this is legitimately about
enabling gamers and that's super cool I
I love it yeah and to to note as well
this doesn't replace the Adaptive
controller the Adaptive controller is
wicked cool um and honestly I could end
up seeing a lot of setups that end up
using both absolutely um the one problem
that they're run to they running both is
just that it's going to be fairly costly
um this prodeus controller costs about
300 bucks um it's on sale right now
actually um if you go to buy it I think
it's $5 % off right now uh let me see
really
quick yeah so it's it's 15% off right
now but uh it'll theoretically be 300
bucks long run USD um but that kind of
makes sense cuz it's very complicated I
think the Xbox adaptive controller while
being super cool is a little bit more
basic um this is a fairly complicated
controller but I like seeing stuff like
this like you said it's unlikely to make
a ton of money doesn't excuse buying up
game developers and closing them um that
that's lame but we we can hit him for
that and also praise them for this yeah
cuz this is this is great this is like
the opposite this is like the opposite
of that this is this is making gaming
more accessible and and friendlier yeah
uh which is something gaming needs
sometimes something on on the other end
of this if you're like this sounds cool
but it's not applicable to me on the
other end of this in my opinion I'm
surprised that especially people on the
pro scene don't find more use out of
things like the Proteus controller and
the Adaptive controller because if you
are able to enhance the inputs that you
have mhm by making it so that you can
introduce your feet or or something else
yeah or we you know bringing back our
old concept of clinch to prone yeah yeah
I was I was wondering you could make
that work with the Adaptive controller
very likely could yeah um but yeah I I
especially for games that have a huge
amount of inputs I'm I'm a little bit
surprised you don't see more utilization
of these just for like making more
competitive yeah yeah so consider that
as
well why don't we jump into D Dan what
are we doing next next up is meres okay
let's do some merch messages if you guys
are new to the WAN show Welcome hi
welcome to the W show I already said it
once but uh really though welcome to the
L show Welcome to you specifically we
don't do Super Chat we don't do twitch
bits you can send one if you want we'll
take your money sure fine I'll put it in
the pile JK use it to pay nice people
like Luke and Dan and all the other you
know dozens and dozens of people who
work here um but what we really want you
guys to do is we want you to get
something back for the money that you
are throwing at your screen and that's
why we created merch messages all you
got to do is go to LTT store.com check
out some of our amazing products over
there and uh in the dang it
cart whenever we're live you will see a
box where you can leave a merch message
it will be responded to by producer Dan
and he can either yep just like Chuck it
up here like this or he'll respond to it
himself or he'll send it to someone else
internally who can best answer your
question or he'll curate it for me and
Luke to talk about here on the show so
we're going to do a couple curated ones
but first I want to highlight a couple
of things that are going on on the store
right now it's finally here Luke this
product has been in development for like
2 years whoa It's the dip dye hoodie uh
Maria asked me specifically before the
show I ran into her cuz um we're having
a we're having a lan at my place this
weekend and uh her husband's coming and
so I was like yo are you coming and
she's like well he's coming and I'm like
yeah but are you she's like I don't know
I'm thinking I'm like yeah it's fine
just send him it's it's fine he could he
comes to a lot of he's a part of the
event yeah he's he's a he he comes to
softball night and stuff he doesn't
really need to be plus one anymore at
this point but anyway the point was I
ran into her and she was like okay okay
you often show the product page and you
know talk about the new product but like
pay attention to the photos she she's
really proud of the photos for Dan and I
were talking about these before the show
they're really nice oh killing it yeah
phenomenal look at man they went and
they got like color matching glasses and
that one is amazing that's awesome the
ones where they have the games yeah I
remember uh cool she called out in
general chat hey does anybody have these
props like it was premeditated and like
okay we're going to do this it's awesome
freaking awesome Pokemon
game Japanese version too so I love see
I love seeing people like use their
Creative Energy to do something
different hey my first
phone what the Motorola v-box right
there that's a phone yeah well sort of I
mean it's phone it's phone like in
functionality phone adjacent yeah so
there it is my friends the dip diey
hoodie it's here you two could look this
cool while you game yeah okay maybe not
that one this cool you could look this
cool while you game no I'm I'm I'm I'm
just I'm just making fun of David
um anyway we've got the dip dieye hoodie
uh what else do we have going on this
week that might be worth sending a merch
message over um oh no that's that's the
new big update well I'm going to put
mine on it's not that warm and uh Dan do
you want to hit us with a merch message
yeah sure I've got a few here for you
let's see hey all with dating apps like
Bumble getting on the AI hype train how
do you think that application of machine
learning might influence the next
generation's dating habits if at
all you seen that Black Mirror episode
right yeah hang the DJ all all I've
heard from the the the dating scene for
a long time now is just screams and
Terror uh
yeah our topics for later just seem to
be looting people um I didn't know that
was a topic actually yeah we're going to
be talking about uh have your AI date my
AI um but why don't we just why don't we
just do that topic right now and then
we'll and then we'll talk yeah so Bumble
founder uh Whitney wolf herd stated in a
recent interview that she thinks the
future of online dating get this is for
apps to develop a personalizable AI
concierge that you can confide in talk
about your insecurities and get pointers
from she then likewise suggested that in
the future we'll be able to send AI Bots
based on our personalities on simulated
dates with other people's AI Bots as a
way of confirming compatibility and
narrowing down potential
matches huh so I mean is Big Tech
basically just treating black mirror as
a Playbook at this
point you know the show doesn't have to
be prophetic like we can still stop this
what happens if like someone's AI
traumatizes someone else's
AI are they
liable like what is this what does this
even mean so our merch message question
that's the important one thank you very
much for uh checking out LTT store.com
our merch message question is how will
this impact the relationships
of future generations and I think it's
going to be rough I feel a little
unqualified to talk about this to be
perfectly honest with you because I have
never even dated online like that was
still taboo when I started um when when
I
settled settled down wow no no no no no
no no no no no no no sit down
Freud sit down that's made that made it
worse you shouldn't have brought him
up settled down
yep yeah good luck by the
way guys just just chill chill good luck
a person be in your favor a person 123
says dating apps already broke dating
for my generation this is just the
obituary I've heard that a lot I've been
reading a lot of articles that gen Z and
Millennials are just saying see you
later to data apps right now match group
seems to be kind of desperately trying
to keep um what was the old big one
Tinder uh they they seem to be just
desperately trying to keep Tinder
revenues up putting in these like new
ways of like sending people like paid
things or whatever these like super
Premium Accounts and stuff like that as
far as my understanding goes even more
than it originally was and it was
originally very much this it has just
turned into
um extremely short-term engagement
Seekers yeah uh SC sco says as someone
in gen Z almost everyone on dating apps
just wants short-term relationships
right now there's another word for
short-term relationships it's
called um and yeah so it it was heavily
like that uh like early on wasn't it I
thought that was the whole point of
Tinder but it you could still like find
relationships on there right cuz that
wasn't what like plenty of fish was for
yeah and there there was there was other
sites that were specifically not really
for that even though it still happened
obviously and then Tinder was more for
that but some people were not looking
for that on those types of services like
the swipe Services some people were
actually just looking for long-term
relationships and had to deal with all
the the people that were not um and as
far as my understanding goes as someone
who hasn't used it in a decade
um hearing complaints from people that
do it is only that now and like there's
there's people asking I have genuinely
had someone ask me like how would I go
about finding someone to date I'm like
how the heck am I supposed to who asked
you that yeah okay I just me I'm like
brother I've been in a relationship for
like actually almost 10 years like what
do you want I don't I can't help you
make them
chicken but it's like it's weird because
ever since dating apps became a thing
approaching people about potentially
dating when you don't know them yet in
real life became kind of like notably
taboo really but now the dating app
suck so it's like actually what do I do
I don't know see like I I
um yeah I
man meeting people in school that was
like was so easy yeah like we I I feel
like rough after that if you're in
school still do not take for granted how
easy it is to network and like expand
your Social Circle and make connections
if there was something that someone
could have you know that that if I had
been able to internal Iz properly um
that I that I wish I had had processed
when I was in school it would have been
make way more connections because once
you're an adult I I was talking to um
shoot who was it someone on the team I
think it I think it might have been
David who's uh thinking of joining an
adult sports league and I was like man
that sounds awesome and I would love to
be a part of what sounds like a super
cool thing for you but that is just not
going to be an option for me because I
didn't play that particular sports ball
as a kid and picking up a sport as an
adult is freaking hard and the reason
I'm bringing this up is that one of the
one of the few bloody ways that adults
can can Network outside of work and can
make new connections is is through
activities right and like I I don't know
about you guys but like for me Sports is
is one is one of the go-tos
and it's man it's it's so it's so hard
people can be so clicky uh a lot of
people Forge their lifelong connections
like when they're in their teens and
it's hard to break it's hard to break
into those groups like I even noticed
this in like other uh in like parent
groups right where all their kids are
already friends and all the parents are
already friends and don't wander away
hold on um and all the parents are
already friends and and penetrating that
click you're always kind of
the well we only got three
campsites
so you're the fourth one like you're
always you're always that right in Edge
case yeah um maybe it maybe it will work
maybe it it works for this one event but
like and I I feel like you like man if I
here can can can you come here for a
second I wasn't because if I If I Didn't
Have You see look y Von's here hi lady
um I would just have okay here let's
have some fun I would have no idea how
to meet people okay van here come okay
what's up okay I Die Tomorrow how do you
meet people you're gonna make me cry
you're really far away from the mic oh
okay you have to be way closer okay this
is weird um how would I meet people
um man I don't know because I think
online dating is being phased out too
isn't it yeah that's kind of what we're
talking about right
it's essentially the topic and I've
heard how terrible online dating in
general is too um oh man so like if if
you essentially let's just assume you're
cutting out online dating yeah I would
probably try to take some classes and
see if I meet people with similar
interests okay so like hobby classes
yeah yeah or I I do activities like I'd
go on Hikes or um things like that I
this I getting a dog is a good thing
okay so if you so if you take up hiking
then I better watch
out this was information
gathering okay what would you do oh man
cuz like I'm not the kind of person to
oh sorry I'm not the kind of person
to go party or go to a bar or do any of
those things like and and especially
with kids it's so hard with kids um yeah
what would you do I mean I heard VR porn
is like really good
now so you just wouldn't basically no I
I I am I am like I'm I'm I'm I'm
helplessly addicted to being in a
relationship like I think since I turned
yeah I got mad at him because I was like
you know what if I died you'd like date
immediately no I no I I no I wouldn't I
would be I'd be trying to pick up the
pieces of my life I don't even know what
bank I
use like I would I would actually have
some stuff to deal with for quite an
extended of time okay I have a folder on
my computer called if I die you haven't
updated it in like 9 years okay I'll
update it for you okay that's not the
point just don't die this is a real
thing no it's actually a real thing she
definitely has that folder but she
definitely hasn't looked at it in almost
a decade I've been busy ah yeah me too I
don't know what would you do
Luke
uh I don't
know I gen I genuinely have no idea
because like
I I've told line is some of the stories
of how I like tried to meet people in
the past like one of the silly things
that I did that worked um was I was on a
bus and someone sat down next to me and
I just like held my phone fairly far out
so it'd be really easy for them to read
and started texting about how they were
like
cute and that's actually pretty clever
and then they read it and were like hey
like blah blah blah and I was like yeah
do you want to go out and they're like
yeah sure I like it it worked but like
how do you how do you create that
scenario yeah was that like on the way
to school or something like that cuz
school is it wasn't I was going to hang
out with someone but I was going to hang
out with someone that was UBC and at a
time that I was University age so it
sort of worked out cuz there's a bus at
UBC yeah so like how do how do you make
sure that you know the the right person
actually happens to sit next to you on a
bus like this is such a random scenario
that you can't plan for and man I'd have
uh well you can plan for it a little bit
no that's what I did I saw lonus in
class and I was like hm I think he
normally sits there I'm going to go sit
in that row and I sat kind of away like
slightly away okay okay but here's
here's a weird thing though can uh you
can wait the dice a little bit here's
here's lonus and I though as a guy if
you go on a bus and you see a girl
sitting beside your generally you try to
not sit right next to them because it
can be seen as like well actually he
didn't sit right next to me he sat he
didn't notice me at first and he sat I
you're saying you sat next to him right
no so I sat in the Row first and then he
didn't notice me he came in and sat
further in and then he noticed me and
then started talking to me and then
moved
closer yeah so you can kind ofus has the
Riz dude but honestly like I this I mean
that's a fair move though if you're in
conversation and then you have to move
closer that seems fine but like in
general but School makes that so easy
because we were sitting in the same
class learning the same subject material
man like in the real world when are you
going to have that opportunity that's
tough I don't know I feel like it's even
harder for us because like I never
really dated I've never had to do that
whole thing so I I don't even I don't
even know yeah I mean if I had to give
like the best advice that I possibly
could it would be find the awesome one
and then like lock her up before anyone
else even gets a shot at her that's I
mean it worked great for me so you
know I do I I would say like I don't I
don't some like uh advice to younger
people I guess is to once you're at an
appropriate age lock her up like lock
that up oh I knew what he meant come on
you guys come on you guys but it once
you're at appropriate age date and like
move on early if you don't like the
person and start trying to learn the
things that you like about people and
understand what you yourself need in a
relationship what you can provide
because you'll start recognizing as well
like okay I'm not good at these things
and if you end up dating a person who
clearly needs those things well then you
should probably just end it and move on
and find another one because when you're
in say University this is like you're
saying the easiest time to like find
people you'll find immediately
the day you exit University it becomes
infinitely harder so what do you guys
think about dating friends of friends
cuz I feel like that can dangerous yeah
I
honestly nothing againsts to any of my
friends that I've ever had but I'd
honestly I'd probably rather have an AI
recommend someone to
me Ser seriously cuz at least an AI is
not going to have some like
[Music]
agenda
yeah yeah yeah that kind always be weird
okay well you know playoff hockey is on
now going to sports events is that a
thing going to concerts I I don't know
how do you meet someone at a concert I
can't even hear anybody and almost
everyone there's in like a pod and it's
difficult to approach someone when
they're in a pod concert's bad but what
about sports events you I I think you
specifically said you would do Events
and Adventures which is a local company
that I heard it on the
radio typical Millennial stuff right
there I heard I heard about this way to
meet people on the radio that's how I
heard of them too okay okay I have a I
have a thing for advents Events and
Adventures I was planning on doing this
before I ended up with Emma really
because I heard it on the radio I I used
to listen to the fox all the time um
before like you know car is not Fox News
no yeah yeah yeah yeah it's a local
radio station it has nothing to do with
American News uh we are in fact Canadian
um but it's so lowly rated it I I never
looked it seems like such an easy thing
to do well right yeah all you have to do
is it's only 3.2 Stars so like how did
you how did they how do you do this and
then a lot of the trips they're like or
the advents and Adventures are like Hey
we're going to go fly to some like
country really so the cost is
like like I was thinking like hey we go
I don't know
to or something yeah I thought it was
just doing something like we go do the
cheese taste like I don't know I think
they do that sometimes but they also
like like if you look here I'm going to
go on their website look at like this
one this is clearly like they're they're
out there I think that's bamp Alberta
like these are Big these are Big
trips events let's see virtual events
okay that feels like online dating hot
air ballooning wine okay these are a
little bit more
reasonable another thing that I think is
kind of weird about a scenario like this
though personally is when everyone there
you know everyone there has like the
mission of yeah it that makes it weird
too does it does it stink of desperation
or like yeah like something's what does
it smell like you know like I have never
personally met
someone who said like oh yeah I I got
with my partner through this like
matchmaking thing I've met people that
say they met them through online dating
I've met people who you know all the the
gamut of other things but Events and
Adventures other various matchmaking
Services I've never once heard of
someone be like yeah it was through this
thing is that because they're trying to
hide it is that because it doesn't work
I have no idea I don't
know I wish we had better answers for
you guys uh it sounds like it's horrible
like I my um uh she probably won't watch
this so it's probably okay uh my older
sister told me about a thing she heard
and she basically said something along
the lines of uh dating in your 30s is
like going to the thrift store and
finding the least
broken disgusting thing and taking it
home and hoping it
fits and I was
like I wanted to cry for her because
like she's she's not making a joke like
she's uh yeah I've heard 30s plus dating
is just atrocious yeah she's she's she's
found it challenging and it it sucks
because she's such a beautiful soul
right like she's she's awesome um and I
uh yeah it just yeah it just made me it
just made me sad um Avery Studios says
in your 40s it just gets hilarious and
honest and almost easier I think I mean
that's that's I suspect that's because
that's when you're hitting a higher rate
of
divorcees oh that kind
I've heard 30s is like the dead zone so
the pool opens up again yeah this is
what I've heard at least interesting my
understanding is there's my
understanding is that 30s is a dead zone
and then like 50s and 60s is a dead zone
and then you have retirement home flings
yeah heard that's like totally a thing
I've heard there's a lot of banging in
the old folks
home I've heard that from a lot of
people including people that work at Old
Folks homes so I like totally believe
that it's real um birdie num Noms says
uh you are much more likely to meet
someone doing something you love to do
or simply being fully aware of your
surroundings I agree however considering
the audience and most people watching
right now and
myself what do I love to do um play
video VI games you want to have a wow
wedding and and and working out and like
working no one everyone is headphones on
you don't want to talk to anybody most
people are sweaty and gross and the line
between like a like a playful banter at
the gym and being like a creepy weirdo
at the gym is like is thin and honestly
it's best off to just not at all just
focus on what you're doing get your job
done and get out like it's my look I
don't I don't do gym gym I I do
badminton gym so I'm just kind of I'm
I'm speaking out of turn a little bit
here but my understanding is like at the
gym you're pretty much not even supposed
to like notice if a girl is hot like
you're not supposed to be looking to
honest because like eyes on the highway
kind of thing a lot if you think about
it a lot of movements that you have to
do if you're properly doing movements
condos seexual are going to end up being
things that put body parts in areas that
look attractive so they're not doing
that for you they're doing that cuz
they're trying to keep their form
correct and do this exercise properly so
you have to understand you have to like
clue into that and the best way to avoid
any misunderstandings there is to just
stay focused on what you're doing like
one of the things that I do is either
straight in front or up yeah your ey
line is straight in front or it's up cuz
as long as you're not looking down
you're good or side like if you're doing
a workout and you're looking at someone
on the side right like it's so but like
you can you better be hot you better be
like Ryan hot if you're going to try and
pull that off so things can get pretty
monotonous right like you're you're
doing the same movement three sets of 12
you're doing it 36 times you might get
kind of bored partway through don't let
it happen straight forward or up if
someone is in your ey line straight
forward look up okay do the same rules
apply for girls uh probably not to be
honest yeah like would it bother you
guys if a girl was at the gym watching
you guys work out I mean it depends
right like if it's
like and it's like a whole gaggle of
them then yeah that's pretty
uncomfortable are they making fun of me
in general I don't think it really
bothers me too much but you do have to
understand that like the playing field
is not the same so I don't know I don't
think I really notice it a ton to be
honest I don't really care because
you're not looking yeah what a fcking
Chad just like you know whatever don't
even notice it anymore I do what I'm
going to do it's
fine uh we've got wardis asking what
about dating at work is that okay was it
ever okay so man that is is I've never
been interested that's always seemed
like a major stay away from it to me it
is so full of pitfalls um of the three
of us Ivonne probably has the most
knowledge when it comes to um like HR
legal compliance and like all the all
the company side stuff that there is um
what I will say is that if there is any
kind of direct or even indirect
supervisory relationship
that that's not good don't do it that's
not good for anybody don't do it for so
many
reasons and like even outside of that
man like I I was I was reading about um
uh oh something you can do though if you
become friends with them potentially
they're
friends but not them okay so your advice
is to become friends with people so you
can do their friends I mean thanks Luke
just that's that's a super normal form
of dating is getting recommendations
from your friends this is actually
you're trying to you're trying to make
it weird this is actually super normal I
am trying to make it weird but like yeah
just you know I was reading about how uh
Kaye kuoko I I forget how to pronounce
her name but Penny from The Big Bang
Theory and Johnny GOI who plays Leonard
on The Big Bang Theory they um had their
relationship on the show and they had a
relationship in real life and after
their relationship in real life ended
they at times had to do we're in a
relationship on the show things
together obviously that's a super
extreme
example but like even if there's no
supervisory
relationship think about that nothing
nothing is a sure thing you know no
matter how compatible you guys think you
are with in the first week or two um so
before you take that step consider that
you might have to work on a project with
this person after some kind of bitter
messy
breakup I'm like if you hate your job
then like whatever who cares then you
can just leave your job and get a
different job or whatever after but if
you like your job and you think maybe
they like the job too you could end up
kind of stuck with each other in a
really awful icky way for an extended
period of time yeah and some people pull
it off obviously yeah but it's just it's
very it's dangerous and even for those
that are successful there's a lot of
couples who don't make it when they work
together there's just too much of
overlap in their
life was that a concern for you guys um
I feel like I remember conversations
around this like 2013 era but I don't I
don't remember the like details or
conclusions I just think it was
something that was discussed I'm very
curious about why you laughed you go
first this is great you should you
should be on the show more often oh
man that's a good point it puts
significant strain on our relationship
at times
yeah that's fair that's
fair I feel like we are kind of a
different couple though we do do a lot
more things together than most people um
I think uh what what what do they call
it enmeshment I think that's supposed to
be an unhealthy relationship style but
I'm pretty sure that's us
mment man you can't be admitting that on
L okay fine I'll leave my foot to sleep
anyway enmeshment is a concept in
Psychology or Psy therapy where families
uh have personal boundaries that are
diffused subsystems undifferentiated and
over concern for others leads to a loss
of autonomous
development I don't know if that's 100%
fair I think I think uh I think lonus
has significantly more autonomous
development with the V
around if I can if I can project yeah I
uh well well it's not the not the Aton I
definitely develop more with in my life
I would I would be a stunted boy if it
wasn't for her anyway I assume you
dropped by to say that you're leaving
and that making sure that I have a ride
home yeah I I know about the land I want
to get there sooner rather than later
yeah all right bye thanks for jumping
in uh right we should do sponsors I
think we also left hanging merch
messages yeah we'll get to them the show
is brought to you today by Squarespace
do you feel like your business is
starting to sink squarespace's
userfriendly tools can help you build a
captivating website to draw in more
customers their new guided design system
Squarespace blueprint uses
professionally curated layouts to guide
you on your journey to establishing an
online presence after you've set up your
templates you can dive into the details
with their fluid engine editor which
features simple drag and drop building
blocks once you're happy with your
marvelous creation you can then use
their comprehensive email marketing
tools to engage with your audience
generate leads and make that move a plus
their Advanced Analytical tools let you
see what's working and what you need to
tweak for your next campaign so go to
squarespace.com when for a free trial
and get 10% off your first purchase of a
website or domain the next sponsor of
the show is HRS have you ever searched
for something online and kept seeing the
same few websites at the top of your
results that is because their SEO game
is on point with hr's Web Master tools
you can improve your website's SEO
performance for free the process is
simple first use site audit to crawl
through your site for the overarching
issues holding it back then use their
tools like page Explorer to dig through
the details with Advanced filters to see
what's working well and what could use
some help next use site Explorer to
research organic traffic and make sure
your site is making proper use of
keywords and you'll even get access to
the world's largest index of live
backlinks so you can see where your
clicks are coming from so go to the link
in the video description and improve
your website's SEO performance for free
with H ref's Web Master tools the third
sponsor of the show is
magical really magical we all know time
is money and with such a limited amount
of both of those things don't let it go
to waste with magicals free AI powered
browser extension you can shave a few
precious hours off of your tasks that
way you can maybe catch up on some sleep
this guy looks like he might need some
thanks for that Dennis all you have to
do is install the extension set up
templates that will help you autofill
text instead of typing out the same
thing over and over again and then
access them with a simple keyboard
shortcut its AI powered features can
even help automatically populate text if
you're just having one of those days we
all have them trust me also with
magicals convenient transfers feature
you can easily scrape info from up to 50
tabs of pages at once and automatically
plop them onto one centralized
spreadsheet or form that's kind of cool
and magical works with over 10 million
sites including ones you probably use
every day like email clients and CRM
platforms so put on your Robin wizard
hat go to magical slw show what go to m
to get magical slw show um okay you know
what go to the link in the video
description to see how magical can save
you valuable
time all right what's our next okay I
guess we should finish off another merch
message Dan hit me yeah more merch
messages sorry my things are all out of
order now hey D Luke why did LTT go with
Shopify instead of something like woo
Commerce I manage an online store with
500ish products and they picked woo
before I took over but non-tech people
struggle with
it uh I don't know I don't think I made
that decision I don't think I was part
of that decision I think it was a good
decision I think that was uh Nick and um
I was involved and there might have been
some other parties involved but I was
just float plane at that time um the
features looked good the customizability
looked good the functionality without
investing in development looked
adequate um I think that was a pretty
heavy reason why at the time yeah I
don't think them being our Canadian Bros
was a factor but like it's neat they may
be Tech Bros but at least they're
Canadian Tech Bros yeah yeah I I don't
know we we we were happy with the
features not not saying anything
negative about woo Commerce like the
site but we uh yeah we like the site
shopy has been great a great partner I
would I now that I am influencing some
of those decisions I I would make it
again great partner in some
ways what I don't know I feel like it's
a jab and I don't even know
why moving on hey D my second lanyard is
about to break it the swivel if you had
the chance to change or add a feature to
an existing product what would it be uh
backpack second layer
excluded um
oh man that's a that's a good question
what would I add to an existing product
I mean nothing's perfect
obviously pretty happy with most of the
stuff though I would
add okay how do I answer this question
without
teasing you know like a V2 of something
uh oh oh I would definitely I would
definitely add more options for water
bottle Lids uh I think that's something
that if we had the same Inventory
management capabilities that we have
today that we would have been able to
tackle in the past so you can like mix
and match your lid with your order and
that's that's something that I'd like to
go back and undo yeah that's fair that
makes sense all right hey guys I
mentioned the FF tactics mod reach to
reach the future to Linus a while back
still recommend it Luke we modifi the
game's code directly in myips assembly
is this a useful code language to know
uh I mean it seems to be working for
you yeah I mean I I don't know I'm not
very familiar with it
um one of the ways that you can try to
find out is try to do some digging on
what companies use it and why um like
one of the reasons why people talk about
Cobalt a lot is because it's relatively
heavily used in the financial sector um
big money
there important things running on it and
companies that are going to be willing
to Shell out a decent amount to get
stuff done can confirm that's still on
my to-do list nice it is haven't gotten
to it yet but it's on there what are we
hearing what is that that's a bird wow
Microsoft ads ads ads ads Microsoft has
announced that it will be adding a Game
Pass recommendation card to a panel in
the windows 11 settings homepage for
users who game on their PC this ad will
also appear on home and pro will also
only appear on Pro and home versions of
Windows 11 and then only if users are
signed into their mic oft account if the
user already uses game pass on that
computer then the recommendation card
will instead advertise a new or
potentially interesting game likewise
the windows 11 PC manager tool a utility
security tool that's available in only
certain regions now suggests as part of
its repair tip section that users can
repair their system by switching back to
Bing as their default search engine
these things aren't directly related to
each other other than that they're just
more obnoxious ways that Microsoft is
making windows just shut up get out of
my way and let me use my computer this
is software that for me anyway I paid
$100 for fck
off actually though like if you guys
want to have a tiered system you want to
have free Windows and it's full of all
this no
problem if you if you don't pay for the
product you are the product blah blah
blah blah blah fine but when I pay a
$100 for a piece of software which to me
is a significant amount of money I
expect your ads to off completely
agreed that is all I have to say about
that yeah I have a message in floatplane
chat from Joshua Carol um said the UND
deleting picks just happened to me after
seeing the show title I started the
update on my iPhone the update just got
over and it's real PS of my ex including
suggestive ones are back in my camera
roll have been awkward man PS I have my
iCloud photos turned
off yeah what
yeah so it's not sinking it's like
finding so it it might be the pointer
thing yeah old pointers yeah it's
finding files and reping them
out at least in this case that's what
that sounds
like because there there's no way it's
sinking if he has iCloud off and I guess
depending on how much data you write to
your phone like you might not run over
it yeah we we we we don't necessarily
overwrite our phone data unless we're
like you know
regularly recording long videos right
like it's not like you can fill your
phone up with apps anymore the way that
we used to the oldest photo accidentally
recovered was 21st September
2022 wow that's been from like a year
and a half ago
that's that's rough man just be glad
that you have this Wan show to point to
point the current you know at so you can
be like um um this is why they're there
imagine oh my God Ivon and I hand hand
each other our phones without a moment's
yeah I do that too like it like we're in
a a very trusting I about to say very
open relationship we're a different
different meaning these days different
different meaning look no judgment no
judgment on my part whatever works for
consenting adults is works for
consenting adults um but we're in a very
we're in a very trusting relationship
and and to us that's no big deal but I
can't I I'm not going to say that if
pictures of an ex-girlfriend were just
like they in my camera role yeah
freaking when she went to you know look
for a recent picture that we snapped to
the K if you if you ever read this artic
that would raise some questions if you
hadn't read this article or watched this
W show and that happens what do you
do what do you do this is this is
probably going to happen to at least one
person pray to
[Laughter]
Zeus strike me down
now fix this or just do it or just just
get rid of
me oh my goodness cuz like yeah like
like what how do you explain I you're
just at a complete loss this picture is
just here and like people are saying
that it comes to the top of your camera
roll right like it must show the date
because uh the metadata probably
shouldn't be changed yeah there's like a
there's got to be a way to find the date
that it was taken but it would have
jumped to the top of your camera roll
which
like as someone who hasn't used that app
cuz I don't really use iPhones I would
assume that's cuz it was like recently
accessed or something like if I was the
person finding this information that
would be what I would jump to right like
you must have looked at this recently or
something Apple single-handedly fixing
the dating pool
issue I can't take credit for that now
who was that in flow plane chat that's
pretty good I don't know someone good
job good job take that blue
bubbles relationship ruined you only you
got in this relationship because you
didn't have an Android you got out of
this relationship because you didn't
have an Android nice
uh Google gave us back the old web
search then hit it Google has announced
that it will be rolling out Gemini
infused AI Google search for all users
which includes
results organized using generative AI as
well as AI overviews used to summarized
topics Google has also added a web
search tab that filters out everything
but text based results wait similar to
how Google search used to work in the
90s and
2000s generative
AI is sorting
results which includes results organized
using generative AI I don't know don't
don't overthink the talk the uh notes
sure organized using machine learning
okay there uh Google has also added a
web search tab oh yep there we go uh
okay so the web search tab is hidden
under the more drop down menu meaning
that many users will likely never find
it but it kind of looks awesome I was
looking at the side by side in The Verge
article and I was like dang that
actually looks way better oh cuz just
like the the random like carousels of
products and stuff are just not there um
Google also presented uh Google also
announced updates to its AI models uh
Gemini Nano now has multimodal
capabilities so that is like more than
just text there's also a new lower
latency Gemini 1.5 flash model blah blah
blah blah blah Google also presented
project Astra which the company calls
their vision for the future of AI
assistance at this point I'm just going
to wait I I'm not even Cortana
Siri at some point one of them is going
to Rise Above the Rest be legitimately
useful and I'll try it then I just I
just can't care anymore we're in we're
in the rapid development fight phase
which is which is fun but if you're if
you're not that interested yeah I would
just I would I don't think there's a
huge point in being lightly paying
attention yeah if it's if it's not your
job to cover these things for a living
you don't need to try Alexa AI which I
assume probably exists in a beta state
some I just I don't know who cares
um perceive live audio and video answer
in real time blah blah blah Google slips
a check to the doj this is kind of funny
according to a motion filed by Google
this morning the company has written the
federal government a cashier's check for
triple the maximum damage is claimed in
the doj's ongoing antitrust trial triple
the company now claims that these
monetary damages should be considered
moot the motion also argues that the
case should be presented Ed to a judge
rather than a jury both because these
kinds of cases are typically decided by
judges and because the case involves a
complicated intricate technology
ecosystem which the doj has acknowledged
is highly technical often abstract and
outside the everyday knowledge of most
prospective Jers discussion question
here is why doesn't Google want a
jury H wow you know no admission of
guilt but like hey here's the maximum
amount of money times some multiplier
that you guys might have I'm really glad
that antitrust is heating up I hope they
go after Microsoft again for all the
stuff that's going on with Windows right
now I love that they're going after
Apple who have just been have been given
a free pass just for what being trendy
like you guys understand there there are
they are just as much a part of this
capitalist hellscape that we're all
participating in this like post like
anything mattering less a part of
because they charge more other than
shareholder returns right like the whole
Tech the whole Tech financing system is
like broken because there's this
expectation of this explosive growth in
the money that you invest into these
companies and it has to come from
somewhere and guess what somewhere is
you apple is by Apple's absolutely a
participant they are prime participant
in this and the fact that they were just
like given a free pass because they have
a cute commercial where a trendy guy is
like you're a PC you wear a suit like
are you for real I think that's pretty
old at this point but yeah he you uh
what is this
about uh I forget I forget exactly what
an trust thing this was something good I
hope yeah yeah F yeah uh what else we
got
today uh did we go back to the merch
messages we owed them yep yeah yeah yeah
we did okay cool you want to talk about
the live service game that went offline
and removed microtransactions I know
nothing about this game what I do know
is I jumped on the steam page right
before the show and recent reviews are
mostly negative which is bad uh and all
reviews are mixed and it's currently in
Early Access okay so let's start the
stage is set um developer Airship
Syndicate has delisted its mmor RPG
wayfinder and has announced that it will
be transitioning the game from a
free-to-play live service game which
just that's all I need to know to
dislike it heavily um to a single player
offline game with optional two or three
player co-op and no microtransactions
what a pivot the developer likewise
claims that they will be adding content
to deepen the game's RPG elements the
new road map includes that Airship
Syndicate uh the developer plans to
relaunch the game in Early Access for a
one-time purchase of $25 because again
it's it's no longer a free to playay
live service game so they got to charge
for it uh this and there's no
microtransactions they need to make
money somehow that makes sense this
decision seems to have upset many
existing players so that's why it's
mostly negative right now especially
those who bought the
game for
$150 with the exalted Founders pack as
they feel they invested in a very
different game than the one they are now
getting that's
fair consequently several have posted
negative reviews on Steam demanding
refunds also fair to be completely
honest if you're completely changing the
entire
game you should probably get a refund uh
the root CA of this change appears to be
the fact that wayfinder original
publisher digital extremes which
recently closed its publishing Division
and divested from the game transferring
ownership over to Airship Syndicate
themselves the development team called
the change a big shift but a necessary
one to guarantee that the game is around
forever forever is a strong
word yeah in better gaming news um H the
uh the the I think it was the the
mission lead on cyberpunk huh uh hold on
they they they worked on the like the
the mission design for cyberpunk um was
this before or after it was this is
super cool they um they were celebrating
that cyberp punk has officially oh wow
crossed over into I they were either
celebrating that it is officially very
positive all time or they were
celebrating that recent is
overwhelmingly positive who highlight
over recent real quick or the the
overwhelming deposit 99 is that 99 95 95
wow yeah so Shout Out CD project red for
like royally fing this thing up and then
man
sticking with it that is both Lucky the
fact that people kept buying the game
enough and they had enough cash reserves
to do it not every developer would have
even had the option they just would have
completely run out of money yeah luckily
CD project had a lot of other things
going well for the
yeah so so so it's lucky and
also whatever the whatever Integrity is
in inte integress high integrity let's
go with that um so shout out love it you
know let highlight positive stories that
we come across as well that's really
cool so great job you
guys VG Supernova says no they shouldn't
have released it broken initially so no
praise nah that doesn't that doesn't
work doesn't work for me no we this is
we hammered on them when it came out and
it sucked and now we praise them when
it's good it's the same thing with
Microsoft we went after them when they
did the studio closer thing and then we
said hey cool You released a really neat
controller we can't just be we we look
how many how many companies are even
left making games we can't just hate all
of them forever anytime they do anything
bad we can hate blizzard forever if you
like nice okay nice and and we can we
can be mad at Bethesda for a long time
maybe not forever hopefully they fix it
come on guys okay but we can be mad at
them for a while but like what is the
point of just being angry all the time
even and like is it worth it no it's
really not so if someone does something
bad even EA someone pointed out EA is
dead yeah sure but I mean leadership
might change the people that work there
are going to change constantly like the
the company's going to be a completely
different company in s to 10 years think
about the kind of company that you don't
necessarily normally think of as a
company think about a sports team
okay dude from from from from 10 years
ago to
today how many people on that Ro yeah
they all they all have the same brand on
their shirt right but how many of those
people are even still there is the team
that you're cheering for today the same
team it's it's the team of thesias right
yeah and there are cases where long-term
leadership does result in a culture that
is just Ed out from the inside we've
seen that but you've also got to
understand that even those like rotten
companies are going to have people that
are really passionate and really
dedicated and really positive and really
excited and really worth supporting and
so when those projects go well and when
like okay um Ubisoft is the publisher
for one of my favorite series ano yeah
um so what I'm going to refuse to buy
and to buy it and we can simultaneously
look at how 1800 has been treated which
is amazing they've got so many seasons
of of extra content and it's like
meaningful extra content not just like
not just like some stupid cosmetic you
know statue you can and they do have
that but they've also got that's usually
a part of a big content pack which and
people want that sometimes there's
there's uh what are they called Beauty
Builders or whatever yeah like we can
celebrate what's really good and that
doesn't mean we have to forget the
things that were bad and that when
something else bad happens we can
definitely you know we're not stupid
right like we can definitely start to
notice
patterns but come on guys it's not is it
good for your own mental health to be
angry forever that's that's another
thing I want to I want to bring this up
to agent Rick Justice posted this and I
I've been thinking about this as well he
said I like the wayfinder thing they
they couldn't afford to keep it in MMO
uh when the publisher dropped out
instead of killing the game they made it
still playable that's my main takeaway
as well and like I'm like ah yeah they
should refund those players they may not
be able to like having your publisher
just
leave that's got to be really rough and
I suspect that out of their out of their
options of only
bad out of their only bad options they
chose something that in my opinion is
pretty good
um I don't know it sucks for some people
it sucks for the people that bought that
$150 pack and then now the game that
they you know they wanted to buy it's
not going to be that anymore all that
type of stuff I get that that sucks I'm
not saying it's good for those people
but their Publishers gone they can't
keep running this thing they they they
try to do something that is good and I I
I yeah I don't know it makes sense I
think it's
good and right okay what I was going to
say was was ano 1800 has been treated
super well and then from that same
publisher from Ubisoft we get stuff like
skull and
bones and it's just like yeah I mean
we'll we'll we will sit here and talk
positively about how no 1800 has been
treated it's fantastic game it's had
really good advancement over its current
lifespan all this other type of stuff
and then also crap on you know the first
quadruple a game ever like it's it's you
can say both things
right um New York subways are adding AI
gun scanners how the devil is this even
supposed to work New York City will be
testing AI powered gun scanners in their
subway system they come from a company
called evolve and several US states are
likewise considering installing them in
schools New York's mayor has promised
that the city will conduct an analysis
of the scanner's accuracy despite the
fact that the city already tested the
scanners 2 years ago and found that the
scanners alerted around 26% of the time
and its detections were 85% false um
with another 14% being police officers
only 57% of alarms were determined to be
legitimate cases of non-law enforcement
persons carrying a weapon likely
indicating that the alarm sound when the
person happened to have a weapon was
essentially a coincidence yeah I mean I
would believe that 57% of Americans just
happen to have a gun on them so like I
don't think you can in New York can you
well yeah but just I I don't know just
anyways yeah I mean yeah fair enough
it's America Second Amendment right what
do you mean yeah like don't do the
accent come on got got our American
viewers out there you can't just can't
appreciate it can't just be
like well they can yeah they
can but don't shoot in the air don't
shoot in the air yeah they probably know
that critics claim that the system could
potentially cost Millions it could cause
Transit delays and needlessly place
citizens in frequent conflict with the
police is this like if you get if you
get falsely flagged like are you just
are you you just like well endowed yeah
that's when your own government uh you
know tells you that your penis is too
big he's packing falsely flagged hey
packing get is that like is that like
super sick is this an honor is this like
when you get called the cheater in a
video game falsely flagged attack yeah
um yeah it's like thank you for saying
that I cheated in Counter-Strike because
now I just feel like I'm good it's like
thank you for saying that I had a
gun isus is apologizing for their
strange and expensive repair quotes
um uh okay Asus has issued an apology
for causing confusion and frustration uh
in its RMA processes following multiple
reports from customers in Canada and the
US that the company was issuing massive
bills to repair minor and superficial
damage while failing to fix the actual
issues that the device had been sent in
for at least one Canadian was quoted
nearly $3,800 Canadian dollars so that's
about just under
$3,000 to fix a plastic safety indent on
a power connector on his RTX 490 which
is more than the C originally cost to
buy because it was allegedly not covered
under asus's standard warranty while the
issue was eventually resolved Asus never
clarified the reason for the odd quote
Asus says that any repairs covered under
the manufacturer's limited warranty have
always been and will continue to be free
of charge and that they are revising
their repair pricing structure for outof
warranty products including a review
process for abnormal pricing to ensure
consistency transparency and fairness
they likewise state that they will no
longer automatically offer repair quotes
for cosmetic imperfections that don't
affect device
functionality I think that Asus has a
lot of self-reflection to do I mean we
encountered this back back when we
secret shopped them a while ago where we
basically had to drag them to water to
get them to drink to solve our problem
and it wasn't even that they didn't
ultimately solve it or that they tried
to give us the runaround for us it just
came down to more incompetence I think
um right if you if you listen to that
video and just kind of listen to our our
poor guys trying to explain that our
issues we just want you to explain power
connectors to us um
I guess all I can really say is give me
a reason to not be mad anymore you know
back to what we were back to what we
were talking about just now I don't I
don't have the energy oh yeah yeah good
call anymore to be mad forever so what I
need to see from Asus is I need to see a
clear and obvious change I want the next
Reddit Thread about Asus customer
support in our in our subreddit to be
about the out standing exchange with
them yeah turn it around and like and
the storytelling Arc of that was was
amazing you like host videos or
something yeah I know right that was
fantastic the the tie-in of the previous
topic and was so good came to me in a
dream um I dream of graphics cards uh
and like this is a this is a tough one
for me because I like the products
generally speaking they they've had some
Duds um pretty much every company has
had some Duds I've ran a lot of as stuff
over the years me too and I I have this
this this sucks cuz this makes it like
how do you recommend and you know what
you know what I I'm I'm glad this is
happening right because it's it's time
that they finally got a wakeup call
because they've
always I don't think this would have
blown up the way that it has if they had
largely had a lot of Goodwill built up
with the community but they don't and
that's the problem and so those years of
like yeah they fixed it but like the
experience kind of sucked it was pulling
teeth or they made this they give me
this weird repair quote and I'm like no
don't fix that and just like like like
these years of kind of annoying stories
um have built up in such a way that all
it took
was for a match to drop and of course it
was going to go up in flames and I'm I'm
glad that they're finally taking notice
and I hope that we see you know
real prolonged change um and what I also
hope is that other entities in the tech
space sit up and take notice of this
because the kinds of horror stories that
you see from an isus are the same kinds
of horror stories that you see from many
of the other big PC component makers
yeah it's just that Asus is the biggest
and they happened to be the one that got
called on it um so hopefully everyone
else is sitting up taking notice of this
and
going okay we got to get this together
um and you know what the reality of it
is these complaints about these
companies are not always in good faith I
had a really bizarre exchange with
someone in my DMs a while back where
they were like hey is a big sponsor of
yours and I want you to like talk about
this story of how like awful my
experience has been and what happened
was they AR made a laptop and Asus was
like yeah it's broken
and um we're going to replace it with
this one and the guy's like okay and
then they were like oh actually we can't
get that one it's this one and it was a
better machine but it was
AMD and Buddy was like I want Intel and
I am outraged and I was like yo um this
is a significantly better machine it has
it has it will give you better battery
life and better performance it even has
a higher
MSRP um you need to relax and you need
to just take what they're offering you
because it's a good offer and then he
ended up instead of being mad at Asus he
ended up being mad at me and Asus and
I'm like sorry I'm not going to lie to
you nice sick I mean this is this is
like a common whenever there's like uh
band waves in video games you get a lot
of people riding the I was falsely
flagged like whenever whenever that
starts becoming a big thing a lot of
people will jump on that train trying to
get get some of the Goodwill but asus's
problem is that there were enough
legitimate
stories that they're susceptible to it
yeah so I guess you know what and
everyone for for a while because this
happened everyone is going to believe
anyone that claims that they were
mistreated even if they're just trying
to abuse so and that's going to cost
Asus a lot more in like claims
than if they had just dealt with
everything properly in the first place
so now they need to to effectively
overcompensate to uh get out of
this so good luck um and I think you
know in terms of our collaborations with
them going forward we we really need to
see a difference that is measurable
within our community so some people are
pointing out that uh there there might
have been a specific reason why they
wanted the Intel system or that some
things are could work better on the
Intel system he didn't trust me that I I
was getting I was getting he's
condensing a conversation yeah about
this they just wanted Intel CU they were
brand loyal to Intel and I'm sorry but I
just don't have a ton of patience for
that this is this is something that lus
would have discussed he's he's
condensing the conversation I I love so
many of the people that I've worked with
at Intel over the years um you know I I
respect a lot of their a lot of their
processes uh you know I respect their
engineering Acumen and the product and
and all those things but with all due
respect if you are like some kind of um
loyal Fanboy to Intel that's that's
pretty up like I uh I just I
don't know just don't do that
yeah uh Marvel Rivals game devs
apologize for Banning negative reviews
Banning negative reviews the team behind
Marvel Rivals an upcoming hero shooter
has apologized for requiring creators to
sign contracts including a
non-disparagement clause o Banning
public statements uh detrimental to the
reputation of the game in order to
participate in its close Alpha play
test hm in their apology the team
referred to the issue as a
miscommunication and stated that they
encourage creators to share honest
thoughts suggestions and criticisms as
they play they say they are working with
the creators who voice concerns to
revise the contract so it is less
restrictive the issue was first flagged
by uh by stream Brandon lnet AKA seagull
by streamer got it that makes a lot more
sense AKA seagull who expressed concern
that uh many creators have signed the
contract without really reading it uh
just so that they could access the
game non disparagement Clause yeah that
that sounds
uh like a mistake not necessarily a
miscommunication um I suspect this was
supposed to be an
NDA because it's an alpha version of the
game so they were like hey don't talk
about it yet the number of times that
I've seen a professional law office
basically just like copy paste something
oh dude we talked about this on the show
a while ago yeah we did I think I last
week I have caught the I found the thing
that they copied it off before like yeah
so I I suspect it wasn't a
miscommunication there's probably been a
handlon razor here I suspect it was a
mistake and someone is just covering
their butt going like oh yeah
miscommunication that's not what I meant
I mean which might be true cuz they
didn't mean that cuz they didn't mean it
to be in there I think it was a mistake
um glad they're fixing it glad they're
apologizing I think it's I think it's
frustrating you know as an end user or
as an observer to see something like
this and go like well can't you guys
just own it can't you just tell us what
actually went wrong but the reality of
it is most organizations for legal or
privacy or HR reasons can't necessarily
just say yeah it was it was Jeffrey from
legal who screwed it up like they
actually can't do that um literally be
legally unable to um people pointed out
that apparently you were able to stream
it so it's not like it should have been
covered by NDA okay interesting um
another person deep blue said I mean
it's an alpha game you may not want
people to be overly critical of it since
it is clearly still in development um I
don't think that's fair I still suspect
this is a case of the right hand not
talking to the left hand um and I I I
suspect that if it wasn't for human
pride and HR rules and legal rules
probably we'd get a more uh a more
straightforward answer but this is
probably the best we're going to get
yeah I think I think if you're doing
something like that and you're worried
about criticism because it is a true
Alpha while a lot of games will like
sort of pretend to be an alpha or beta
um I think that's just something that
you you push the creators to communicate
you might even make it so that a
requirement of the contract is to
communicate that this is like still in
development Alpha not final blah blah
blah blah blah um all right is it time
for after dark can be I'm missing my own
party right now so anything is possible
oh he can do it remotely now sick yeah
me last time for yeah everybody should
be lazy automation is great uh let's see
sup dll I would love to know if you guys
have been following the rather
impressive AMD stricks Halo Point Apu
benchmarks and specs leaks and whether
it will be bad news for Intel's battle
mage I am hoping for the best it looks
like it's going to be flipp and awesome
and very exciting I uh I I try not to
take leaks with any less than about a
wheelbarrow full of salt
so maybe um I'll I'll evaluate it once
I've got my hands on it but if it's
anywhere near as good as the leaks look
yeah Intel's got to figure some stuff
out Dan um I push I pushed the wrong
button again what's this that's that's
our sponsors Luke they I'm sorry really
I'm sorry I even double checked and then
I just pushed it anyway he got me on
that
one darn it what's this what is a
computer what's a computer stop all the
downloading I really hope people
understand the
Joe that entire video lives in my brain
rent fre oh
computer your video my computer good
I'm glad you understand that oh that's I
yeah um pork chop sandwiches was a uh
very often said thing in my house um
anyways we just confused a lot of
people I miss Proto internet yeah me
too uh next one yeah Sher if you if you
finish that one off I'm sorry ruined
that I I don't know I haven't followed
it spec leaks battle mage yeah we'll
find out soon yeah hello D I'm currently
in Flight School my dad is convinced
that I will be the last generation of uh
commercial pilots with the maturity of
autopilot and planes how do you feel
about no crew flights uh also party shot
party shirt restock we are definitely
still going to need Crews but it might
be more like
bouncers did you see that fight that
broke out on a PL on a plane recently no
but I mean there's been tons yeah did
they taped him to the chair again that's
been a standard maneuver lately I don't
know but that's hilarious I haven't
actually seen people being tap
yeah the people that freak out if they
won't settle down they just like tape
them to the chair and then people just
don't sit next to them and it's like
okay we'll wait till we land and then
someone can deal with you that's awesome
put the new Atlas robots on there just
like fold them up in the like overhead
baggage you meant the atlas robots could
just hold up the
people you have become Cube both can be
both can be true um I I don't know I I
suspect people are going to want human
supervision for a considerable amount of
time um but probably not forever so I
don't know I mean the nice thing is that
the planes like throw people out anyway
now all right the plane is its own
bouncer I mean that was just that one
plane that couldn't stay
straight cuz it was
Boe that's pretty good sorry I like that
one hey I heard lonus talk about his
theory about Nvidia making a shield 2 in
a past video now that Nintendo has
confirmed a switch 2 is in the works do
you think it'll happen I still think so
I still hope so I think Nvidia just
wants Nintendo to pay for the
development of the Chip And then they're
just going to release a shield Pro two
that's what I'm kind of counting on cuz
that thing is bloody old at this point
and I want better AI upscaling it really
is Luke you often promote helping open
source projects is a way to build your
resume as a software developer do you
have any Foss projects that you want to
drw more attention
towards uh
no good day
lld I'll explain I'll explain there's a
there's a video that's actually quite
good from F if you look up F T3 on
YouTube there's don't contribute to open
source it's actually a very good video
um the point isn't to not contribute to
open source the point is if you
are the the problem with telling people
to contribute to open source in order to
make your like GitHub more attractive
for potential recruiters or when you're
trying to put it on your resume and
stuff like that the problem with that is
that that often promotes very poor
Behavior Uh where people are spamming
commits um that are often not helpful uh
in sometimes actually just bad and
wasting the time of the maintainers of
said projects um and it it's it's become
like actually an issue so if you like it
looks very good on you if you can make
meaningful good useful contributions to
open source projects but it can be a red
flag if a recruiter or a person doing
hiring stuff like that um if they look
at your GitHub and then see a lot of
garbage things so what Luc is trying to
say is don't let let him suggest the
project find something you're passionate
about and really make have a meaningful
impact on it that's going to look way
better if you can if you can make
actually good commits to something that
you're interested in so you're actually
going to spend time working on it if
you're not wasting the time of
maintainers so you're actually like
giving them good stuff that will reflect
very well but just being like hey
suggest something to me so that I can
get hired um actually like just isn't
really going to work so find something
that brings meaning to you there's a lot
of stuff out there I'm sure you can do
it hey W dll more specifically Luke what
do you tell your Barber when you get
your haircut I no longer go to my
lifelong hairdresser so I have no clue
what to tell a proper Barber I Google
Captain America Winter Soldier and I
find a frame of Chris Evans that shows
his hair off decently well I mean would
you consider a frame that shows off his
butt cuz that's a good frame too
probably if they could if they could
make your butt look like that they'd be
a pretty good Barber
yeah that's true got that cake uh but
yeah I do that I uh I I would look up
myself I guess but I find finding that
actually to be a lot more difficult than
just looking
up uh Winter Soldier Chris Evans so yeah
that's what I show them go to a salon
and make them pick yeah I did that once
apparently people hate that that was
really bad yeah apparently like uh like
waiters and waitresses like freaking
hate when you're like surprise me
someone told me that it depends on the
person I think I do it anyway
sometimes uh Hey guys my 1,00 person
company recently went bankrupt and was
bought by a giant conglomerate and I'm
worried so much is going to change but I
love my job how would you deal with
this God I don't even know I'm trying to
imagine like okay my company went
bankrupt and was bought and I'm worried
so much it's going to change but I love
my job I mean that's me except we are
not bankrupt and have not been purchased
um how would I deal with this i'
probably cry a little and then cry a lot
um I would pay a lot of attention yeah
ask a lot of questions yeah um be
visible that's I I would say that's
critical um be visible to New Management
it doesn't have to be
like you know
for doing the best thing definitely you
don't want it to be for doing the worst
thing make sure they know your name
though um that might give you a shot at
being treated like a Human Instead of a
number not save you at all but a good
idea though um but try to yeah I would I
would pay a lot of attention and prep
for the worst but also you
know these people might not be bad
people to have connections with even if
things go south they're still working in
the industry that yes you're in so you
know don't just like be a jerk at work
um try to do a good job hopefully things
work out hopefully you like the new
workplace and hopefully you get kept on
but if any of those things aren't true
you can still leave with a good clean
Bridge behind you um and you can try to
use this time a little bit to prepare to
potentially leave if you do need to so
yeah lightess have you ever dealt with
the Rival fallacy what is it like
achieving the level of success that you
have how does it feel after
uh I had to look this up
um uh hold on I need to I need to do
another one really quick before I lose
it I accidentally archived it and I feel
really bad I don't think I can find it
anymore oh no oh yeah no no no it ended
up in the right place okay so I had to
look this up um so it refers to the
belief that attaining a particular goal
will lead to long-term happiness so the
most important thing to understand is
this belief is not grounded in reality I
I don't think I've experienced the
arrival fallacy because I I don't think
I ever believed that I had a
um I don't think I ever had a belief
that achieving some kind of goal with
like Linus Media Group or uh you know
having kids or like in my relationship I
don't think I ever believed that that
would um result in long-term happiness I
think that uh if anything I had a
completely separate issue where I was so
focused on
survival that I wasn't really giving any
thought to what success looked like and
um and what an end game looked
like I mean I I you know strategized and
planned right you know we talked about
evons if I die folder you know earlier
in the show like I I I would talk about
like here's what I would want to happen
like if I was out of the picture for
some reason to the company and stuff
like that but like I I didn't I I didn't
really like internalize it and um
you know for me uh reaching the level of
success that I did when I did that I've
been thinking of retiring stream where I
I spoke from the heart about how I how I
felt about you know being at a point in
my life where realistically I've done
everything I set out to do whether I
whether I had really you know written
that down as a plan or
not um reaching that point
where
um you know nothing really mattered
anymore like if I if I died that day um
my kids would go to school you know they
they they'd have all their University
paid for and like um I think the company
probably could have survived at that
point like it would have been kind of
tough going for a little bit but they
probably could have figured it out
um I don't know
empty like it it was challenging I had
to I had to figure out how to find a
purpose again and I talked about that at
the end of the stream just um you know
figuring out how to how to do something
because you want to um and figuring out
how to want to doing it on your own
terms rather than just because you have
to cuz switching over from just like
fight ORF flight survival mode to I I I
can survive now um I've achieved the
goal I have a big problem with that
personally if I don't have a fight I
tend
to mentally fall really fast I like need
something to kind of rage against to a
certain degree
um but uh something that I've tried to
do is have a have a Next plan it's like
if you have a goal be like okay this
achieving this goal will unlock my
ability to progress into this next thing
if you can do that that can be pretty
good like for me a lot of stuff recently
has been Fitness so it's like okay if I
get to this certain level the certain
Benchmark that I'm aiming for that will
allow me to focus on this other more
different thing and just try to always
have the next thing kind of planned out
so there the arrival isn't really so
much of a you can maybe celebrate it but
it's a short celebration then it's back
to
work
yeah all right L me go to bed it's
late and float plane chat it's over it's
after 4 in the morning there hello
dl. my dad calls himself a tech
Enthusiast but doesn't watch the WAN
show what suggestions do y'all have to
get him plopped on the couch next to to
me appreciate all y'all do I don't know
the knucks are having a heck of a
playoff run watch some
hockey yeah you know you don't have to I
mean what what tech entertainment show
would you like be plopped on the coou
for a long time like watching you watch
some I don't know
like I don't know does he like marquez's
stuff like kind of tech but uh waveform
I like a podcast are we trying to
suggest Tech entertainment shows I think
so Silicon Valley yeah watch Silicon
Valley watch show heck yeah watch
Silicon Valley watch technology
connections sure go watch that stuff
technology connections is sick yeah all
right there good we got a good one oh
crap uh oh oh no uh sorry I I I moved it
somewhere I'm just going to read it I
know lonus loves talking about Canadian
housing problems have you seen the
latest headlines about the CRA coming
after tenants for taxes of foreign
landlords
it just sounds like yet another um yet
another fake solution um I I think that
unless they're spectacularly stupid you
know our policy makers absolutely
understand what the underlying issues
are and they've shown clearly that they
have no intention whatsoever of of
fixing them um institutional investment
in residential housing needs to stop
um if they want to collect more taxes
they need to collect taxes from people
who own many
properties um like that's that's the way
that you can both enact a wealth tax
which is something that they obviously
have a great interest in if you've been
following Canadian politics um that's a
way that you can enact a wealth tax
while also easing the pressure on people
who need access to housing um and you
can hit two birds with one stone but the
reason that nobody wants to do it is
because the policy makers are land
owners and they benefit from always
rising land costs so instead they are
enacting you know oh here why don't we
take taxpayer dollars that we take from
everyone and why don't we use it to as
like a to give out as a rent subsidy and
on the surface of it that sounds like a
good idea it's almost like a universal
basic income top up kind of thing for um
for the for the less fortunate for lower
earners but in practice no what they're
actually doing is they're giving it to
land owners they're giving it directly
to land owners themselves which
is themselves um so it's pretty it's
pretty fued up um so no I don't know I I
I I saw a headline about that I hadn't
looked into it in any detail but the
whole thing is just it's
um and if I was in charge we'd do it
differently but I'm not and uh I'm not
going to
be but what I am going to be is gaming
yeah we'll see you again next week same
bad time same bad Channel I got a land
party to get to time for some tape to
tape bye
[Music]